---
layout: post
title:  "learning how to learn"
date:   2016-07-21 00:41:41 +0000
---

I have heard and don't know if its a proven science that it takes ten years to be able to master a skill. I dont know the details nor do I want to research right now what it entails, it would suffice to know that thats the word out there. Ten years for some on who is 10 years old is a bunch of years. For during those years he goes through puberty, starts wet dreaming, and physically starts thinking about vanity for the chicks that dig it and even if they dont dig it. They start working in the US of A culture, some learn to drive, some become fathers, some go to college, some take a hiatus for two years serving missions, and some just plainly don't do anything positive and many start acknowledging the fact that they world stinks to a certain degree, but the stamina is there and its like a firecrkacker. If we choose another bracket such as twenty-five to thirty-five well its another sotry but still the famous rat race is part of the monster chasing us to our certain future, our death. Think about it for a bit, t-e-n  y-e-a-r-s... ten years is just two digits, its two words, its easy to say it but to think about it and hell! living it is no easy task. So the question is, what should I be doing during that decade? and after thinking about it it truly doesnt matter what as long a you pick something that will allow you to become closer to the divinity or in plain words the best that life has to offer. Im not talking about the best cars, best seats at dodgers baseball game, or a huuuuge "casa", no sir! I'm talking about the things that the mind the heart and your hands can produce so you may become a master and leave a legacy. It only takes ten birthdays to abide by the hollywoodense ruler that measures you on how much you should get paid. So after choosing to live in a divine lifestyle the question that is of most importance is "how do we learn how to learn?". It matters knowing how to learn as in this 21st century many learn from predators outthere. I ve reckon that in coding, asking the right question allows you to know that you are closer and closer on learning how to learn because that question has been thought, processed and finally asked so you can either continue your sourcing or erase it completely from your repertoire as you no longer need that skill since you learned it. I could go on and on about this subject, but I happen to think that how I learn is by only writing a ew sentences that will reind me of what I was learning at that moment, the rest is just jibberish. Good luck learning!
